In this video you're going to learn about power Ed..
We'll start by understanding what it is who it's for and how you can gain a competitive advantage by
using it.
And then I'm going to show you the tool itself how to access it and hate and get started using it.
So first let's understand what power Ed. is.
Well it's an alternative to the Create tool that you've already been using in this course to create
your odds.
The difference is is that it has additional features which will allow you to scale your marketing campaigns
and have an improved workflow.
So what are these additional features available empower Ed..
Well the key thing is that you can manage things in bulk and really get a lot more done with fewer clicks.
For example you can adjust budgets audiences and scheduling at once just by selecting multiple sets
and changing it you can modify ads themselves.
Calls to action and the images that are using you can bulk upload and change those things.
You can also download the information from power editor adjusted off line or an Excel upload pack up.
And that's a way that you can edit.
Tons of campaigns very very quickly.
And the great thing about power editors well is that you can run a b test very quickly and duplicate
onst duplicate sets and split your audiences there's a ton of features in there and it's much easier
to split test Inside Power editor and set that whole thing up inside the Create tool.
So who is power editor reading for then.
Well it's really for running large scale advertising campaigns.
Obviously if you can manage things in bulk This is going to be ideal.
If you want to work in an agency if you want to work as a freelancer or even if you're running a lot
of Facebook ads campaign for your own personal business.
The other key advantage of using power Ed. is that they release features into predator first so for
example lead and custom audiences they would have first appeared here.
So if you're using this to I'm familiar with that you can access those before the general public may
maybe using the ads create tool.
So that is well power editor is the key features of it and height and gaining competitive advantage
by using it.
Let's jump into your on Akkad on show you how to access it and get started now.
So you want to first come into your kind and then through the drop and the side here you can click all
tools come into power editor and the first thing you will notice is that any campaigns that you've created
in the ads create two will also appear in power added or it's not as completely separated out and it's
just a different interface.
The first thing to do when you use PERDER is to come up to the top left hand side of screen in the drop
down here and just make sure that you still like the hand that you want to view for if you are working
in an agency or freelancing or even working on your own personal accounts.
Just make sure that you selected the right one before you dive into looking up all the data.
Also in the top right hand side of the screen you can see the date range usually by default that's the
last 30 days.
But just be aware that this information in here will adjust based on the date range that you've put
up here.
And one of the great things about a power editor is how easy they make it to sort through your data
and the fastest way to find things impera editor is to use these two drop downs appear in the top left
corner of the search and the filters here.
And you can use these in combination to really pinpoint and find things.
So for example if I wanted to find any of my handsets that were inactive I could just select this I
can add additional parameters here.
In terms of finding the company name I could type that in to find that.
So right now here I don't have a ton of campaigns to really be sorting through but you can imagine this
is very helpful if you've got a lot of stuff to sort through.
So these search and filters and combining them is really the fastest way to find information in power
Ed..
Now in terms of the layout of the rest of the dashboard this is going to look familiar to you.
Campaigns onsets And yes those are the three levels of the Facebook structure and we've seen that before
in the ads create tool.
Now one handy tip when using this navigation is if you want to see the odd sets and ads for only one
campaign all you've to do is tick the box.
Here you can see it's come up as one selected.
Now in this tab I'm going to see the onsets for that one campaign and also the ads for a dark campaign.
Now what I can do additionally is come into this time and if I want to see only be ads for this one
said in this one campaign I can see them here and that makes it much easier for me to really pinpoint
the odds that I might want to change and optimize now in order to edit the ads themselves here inside
parah editor you just want to click on the ad click on that in the drop down here click on edit.
This is going to open up this type here where I can edit the ad if I want and I can also see in this
tab some of the analytics for that particular as well to get back to the main screen.
You want to click back on the Edit tab and just this little arrow here to move that back out of the
way if you want to de-select any of these sets or campaigns can just click and really get back to the
full view here.
Now you may also see these buttons across the top here.
These are some of the features that really help you to both manage campaigns and onsets.
So for example I can select one campaign.
Here are multiple ones and I can duplicate them.
I can do some quick edits turn them on turn them off find replace bin them etc..
Import and export them.
I'll be going through all of that stuff with you.
But for now just get access to the power tool following the steps that you've learned in this video.